well it's just as soon as it gets to
around smight range because as soon as
it gets around smite range I'm very
unhappy talking about this right now I'm
joined right now by Apollo after a huge
upset for clutch maybe the biggest upset
in all of history I'm just kidding with
covers presented by Omni slash no but I
mean it is that's true not the biggest
upset ok what's the biggest upset I
think it's saw Lions losing yeah that
was pretty big so in an upset that is
only rivaled by alliances Victor or lost
to kaboom and the 2014 World
Championships clutch has got it through
alright first off just take me through
that game a little bit cuz it's an hour
long I had to get up I had to use the
restroom had to get there's a rice
krispie treat in the restroom I was very
yeah it was it was and I thought they
were gonna win halfway through I was
like I sent a press requests for mithya
Sven because I looked like it was it was
pretty one-sided
so from your perspective how did that
game go there is a lot of things that
happen so I can't remember it's like you
know still a turn remember at all but a
lot of team fighting pretty much so
basically after a level one I think you
saw the level one it was pretty bad so
we already we were a scaling composition
so we had to play pretty much from
behind the entire game or just like
farming for late-game essentially and
that's what we did and I got like a few
thing like I got a few steals so they
keep us in the game which is really good
so it was like a little bit of luck
involved but basically it came down to
like the late-game team fighting and our
team comp was a little bit better for
late-game and that's kind of how we won
and then yeah yeah you mentioned the
steals that's actually one of the big
reasons why I wanted to talk to you
because it was a pretty epic situation
so how many you got three I got no I
think I just got the dry fire dragon and
then I saw a red buff that's nothing and
then in there it's that's three yeah
like I don't know that's whatever it's
kind of ad carries are not known for
their ability to steal everything right
so first off everybody on the
just like Oh Apollo so much he doesn't
even need smite liras not picking smite
anymore because of this they were losing
their mind what I gotta say when they
saw the slow motion of the Baron I don't
think that you were like all right 960
all right he smites leaving at 60 I
throw the key right now I get it
maybe I'm wrong though how how good is
your ability to tell the future well
basically I'm my like the reason why I
go for the way I look at this deal is
like he's gonna try and smite around
1,000 so as soon as it hits around 1,000
he might it up or I might screwed
up so I just queue when it hits around a
thousand or lower strategic yeah yeah
because I'm not like throwing out of
queue for no reason just because I had
to vision on the Baron which is
important right if I throw a Q no vision
then it's just luck my opinion yeah so
with it and then with Dragon is it
similar well it's just as soon as he
gets to around smite range because as
soon as he gets around smite range I'm
very unhappy you're talking about this
right now as soon as it gets to smite
ranges when I look for this deal so I
mean yeah it's obviously a little bit of
luck I'm not gonna pretend like it isn't
but I mean there's a little strategy
behind it yeah do you think do you think
people should be looking at their like
Mike's and ability to land those and
feel like you should be criticized I
mean he was definitely on him right you
know it's not like oh it's not like I
can outburst his damage so yeah it's
definitely his mistake but I mean it
happens I guess I don't know
so if I made the headline for this
interview Apolo price on Baron Steel's
it's definitely on Mike Young it's not
like I converse this not the best thing
to say for me it might be the best you
know I that YouTube ad revenue life I
need to not a good part-time teamliquid
lives there actually you know it's
really bad they roll up on me all the
time actually
Acadian and go included that one time I
was out in front of I was walking back
from a nearby place Yahoo I drove around
in a Lambo but now I just saw that
biking and walking biking would be nice
too got stolen the point is where were
we sorry with my interviews with you you
know
like don't even talk about League of
Legends because it just goes off topic
so there's no reason to talk about it no
the game said well that's it oh hey
Sebastian are you have you met Sebastian
before yes of course well do you know
this guy he was used to be famous in
DotA he's kind of washed-up now he just
gave we'd have to blur that if we showed
that what he just did on the camera all
right actually do you know Charlie I
don't think so no it's fine you don't he
he used to be a he helped lead a team
that won TI and i think i think it's
just Charlie you're in game name and
dota was is charlie right he's just just
charlie I monolith they say there's a
bunch of dota people over there I think
actually wait there's more than yeah
yeah yeah just all the dota people are
at LCS trying to figure out how to make
their their life better alright
either way Apollo please you guys stop
distracting trying to talk about League
of Legends yes as you should be how are
things going on clutch cuz you guys are
not at the top of the standings but
obviously a game like that was probably
like a pretty good morale boost yeah
well and this is kind of the week right
because we went ot last week so we
needed to make sure that we're like in
order for us to stay in the middle of
the pack or say like competitive for
playoffs we need to be able to beat
these top teams or we need to be able to
beat a top team so being being able to
beat TSM was really good for us not only
for the standings but just like in terms
of like experience and being able to
like show that we're you know being that
we can compete with them but I think our
winner vs TSM wasn't like it wasn't very
clean and that's what I was gonna ask
you do you think that there was a point
in that came where they should have been
able to close it out yeah I think their
early game was really slow for some
reason I think they had a really good
early game composition and then they
took over other game like pretty much
for a minute 3 right and like they
should be able to snowball from there
but it didn't feel like they they
eventually got our turrets like they got
our tier ones but it didn't think they
didn't feel like they were like crushing
up very hard
so it was like really awkward because I
didn't you know team Sam was usually
pretty good at that but it didn't feel
like they did he could job this game so
it was a little bit weird
as soon as like we started stalling at
the game around like the 20 to 30 minute
mark yeah it's definitely hard for them
to close the game out just given like
this day of the game but I mean I'm
pretty sure they should have closed it
if I think at the Barons steel that was
probably the big one so it's all the
game off or just made me like six more
minutes right so not long enough time
what do you think of mithi he's good
alright the sort of wrapping this up
because obviously we can't have a real
interview two big announcements this
week actually to kind of okay
announcements one LCS finals and Miami
how much would you like that it's Miami
interesting to you or is it just like yo
get me top four I don't care where it's
at
yeah I kind of it's a situation right I
don't really I just want to go to
playoffs right you know it's like
obviously Miami's cool but I can't
really think about being like huh man if
only you is somewhere else it's just if
I get a playoffs it's good I can be on
big stage again yeah okay and then the
other thing is Sunday's games start
twelve so two starting next week
some of the players had thoughts on you
know felt like games were going late I
think high at one point in time tweeted
something like why am I getting out of
games at like nine or why am i eating at
10 p.m. or something so for you any
interest in that well I mean I prefer it
just because it I don't really like
playing later like I get tired right
like it just naturally when it the game
starts around like what sometimes it
starts around like five or six and then
you're you know you're playing and then
you're in Game two right for another
hour it's just you kind of get tired so
I prefer it starting earlier it's like
much nicer for me and I think for most
teams because we scrim it's like the
same schedule as the screaming pretty
much like we scrim pretty early now so
it's nice to keep on that same schedule
will you say pretty early
eleven I was like
it's funny it's funny because I
interviewed Bonnie doublelift
girlfriend and she said like oh he's got
a really rigid schedule it's like so he
go except some time between 9:00 and
10:00 and all the top comments are like
well first off is that rigid secondly
the nine and ten and so similarly LCS
players like we scrim pretty early like
right around eleven o'clock you know
some of the seasons that we've been in
so like sometimes like we scream too
like 12 or even like - I think so yeah
good that you guys are getting up
earlier now I mean what time do you wake
up I wake up at 9:00 every day anything
that you want to say to any of the fans
out there who were like wow we thought
Lyra was good but maybe it's all about
Apollo getting these my seals where
where's my credit uh thank you for
supporting me I'm sorry we can't ever
have a real interview I think it's the
interviewers fault so you know we can go
ahead and blame it on Travis and yeah
thanks for watching we'll just cut that
part we'll cut that word Thank You host
it'll just say like sorry we can't ever
have a real interview
I love Travis cafard thanks for watching
you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel I know I know
you wanted the avila outro instead
you're getting this I'm sorry but I want
to give a shout-out to army slash for
supporting this and for you subscribing
to this channel